Create a New React-Native Project (#132)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/create-a-new-react-native-project.md

---
title: Create a New React-Native Project
category: Front-End
date: "2020-03-22"
tags: ['react-native']

> description: Since we have crna-recipe you only need to follow just a few steps from Checklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Since we already have crna-recipe you only need to follow just a few steps from this checklist.
```

---

- [ ] Apply crna-recipe  
You can reach to cra-recipe from [here](https://github.com/atolye15/crna-recipe)

- [ ] Update the outdated steps in crna-recipe  

> - [ ] Open a PR to crna-recipe if you add any new step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Open a PR to crna-recipe if you've added any new step
```
